Adding warning to exceptions that describes field conflicts and mapping issues (#3025)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/add-exceptions.asciidoc

Add conditions that define when the exception prevents alerts:

  .. *Field*: Select a field to identify the event being filtered.
+  
[NOTE] 
=======

> Fields with conflicts are marked with a warning icon (image:images/field-warning-icon.png[Field conflict warning icon,13,13]). Using these fields and might cause unexpected exceptions behavior. For more information, refer to <<rule-exceptions-field-conflicts,Warning about type conflicts and unmapped fields>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fields with conflicts are marked with a warning icon (image:images/field-warning-icon.png[Field conflict warning icon,13,13]). Using these fields may cause unexpected exceptions behavior. For more information, refer to <<rule-exceptions-field-conflicts, troubleshooting type conflicts and unmapped fields>>.
```
The might/may thing is super trivial, feel free to ignore, but this inspired me to look up the difference and apparently "may" indicates a more strong possibility, which seems accurate in this case

Author: Thanks both for sharing your perspectives! @benironside I've actually been taught what @jmikell821 described and tend to use `might` when writing about a situation that can potentially happen. For now, I'd like to keep the text as is because I still think `might` works slightly better than `may` in this sentence, but am always open to following a different standard down the line if decide differently. 

```suggestion
Fields with conflicts are marked with a warning icon (image:images/field-warning-icon.png[Field conflict warning icon,13,13]). Using these fields and might cause unexpected exceptions behavior. For more information, refer to <<rule-exceptions-field-conflicts,Troubleshooting type conflicts and unmapped fields>>.
```

. If required, modify the conditions.
+
NOTE: Refer to <<ex-nested-conditions>> for more information on when nested conditions are required.
+

> TIP: Fields with conflicts are marked with a warning icon (image:images/field-warning-icon.png[Field conflict warning icon,20,20]). Using these fields and might cause unexpected exceptions behavior. For more information, refer to <<understanding-field-conflicts>>.

Author: ```suggestion
TIP: Fields with conflicts are marked with a warning icon (image:images/field-warning-icon.png[Field conflict warning icon,20,20]). Using these fields and might cause unexpected exceptions behavior. For more information, refer to <<rule-exceptions-field-conflicts>>.
```

> TIP: Fields with conflicts are marked with a warning icon (image:images/field-warning-icon.png[Field conflict warning icon,20,20]). Using these fields and might cause unexpected exceptions behavior. For more information, refer to <<rule-exceptions-field-conflicts>>.

Author: ```suggestion
TIP: Fields with conflicts are marked with a warning icon (image:images/field-warning-icon.png[Field conflict warning icon,20,20]). Using these fields and might cause unexpected exceptions behavior. For more information, refer to <<rule-exceptions-field-conflicts,Warning about type conflicts and unmapped fields>>.
```

> TIP: Fields with conflicts are marked with a warning icon (image:images/field-warning-icon.png[Field conflict warning icon,13,13]). Using these fields and might cause unexpected exceptions behavior. For more information, refer to <<rule-exceptions-field-conflicts,Warning about type conflicts and unmapped fields>>.

Reviewer 2: Same as above, maybe Note vs. Tip?

> NOTE: Fields with conflicts are marked with a warning icon (image:images/field-warning-icon.png[Field conflict warning icon,13,13]). Using these fields and might cause unexpected exceptions behavior. For more information, refer to <<rule-exceptions-field-conflicts,Warning about type conflicts and unmapped fields>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Fields with conflicts are marked with a warning icon (image:images/field-warning-icon.png[Field conflict warning icon,13,13]). Using these fields may cause unexpected exceptions behavior. For more information, refer to <<rule-exceptions-field-conflicts, troubleshooting type conflicts and unmapped fields>>.
```

Author: ```suggestion
NOTE: Fields with conflicts are marked with a warning icon (image:images/field-warning-icon.png[Field conflict warning icon,13,13]). Using these fields and might cause unexpected exceptions behavior. For more information, refer to <<rule-exceptions-field-conflicts,Troubleshooting about type conflicts and unmapped fields>>.
```

Author: Change wasn't applied, so re-adding it.

Author: ```suggestion
NOTE: Fields with conflicts are marked with a warning icon (image:images/field-warning-icon.png[Field conflict warning icon,13,13]). Using these fields might cause unexpected exceptions behavior. For more information, refer to <<rule-exceptions-field-conflicts, Troubleshooting type conflicts and unmapped fields>>.
```
